Form: add Smart Paste demo description (#31221)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Form/SmartPaste/description.md

The DevExtreme Form ships with AI-powered **Smart Paste** functionality. When a user copies unstructured text from external sources such as documents, spreadsheets, web pages, or emails, **Smart Paste** processes the clipboard data and populates related form fields.
<!--split-->

Use the following APIs to enable **Smart Paste** in the Form component:

- [aiIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#aiIntegration) - accepts an [AIIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegration/) object that contains AI Service settings.

> - *'smartPaste'* – adds a built-in **Smart Paste** button to the Form (see [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Types/#FormPredefinedButtonItem) for more details). To initiate this functionality from code, call the [smartPaste(text)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#smartPastetext) method. This demo shows how to use this methos to implement a custom shortcut that activates **Smart Paste**.

Author: ```suggestion
- *'smartPaste'* – adds a built-in **Smart Paste** button to the Form (see [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Types/#FormPredefinedButtonItem) for more details). To initiate this functionality from code, call the [smartPaste(text)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#smartPastetext) method. This demo shows how to use this method to implement a custom shortcut that activates **Smart Paste**.
```

> DevExtreme Form includes AI-powered **Smart Paste** functionality. When a user copies unstructured text from sources such as documents, spreadsheets, web pages, or emails, **Smart Paste** processes the clipboard data and populates related form fields.

Reviewer: A touch of marketing flavor :)

```suggestion
The DevExtreme Form ships with AI-powered **Smart Paste** functionality. When a user copies unstructured text from external sources such as documents, spreadsheets, web pages, or emails, **Smart Paste** processes the clipboard data and populates related form fields.
```

<!--split-->

> Use the following members to activate **Smart Paste** for the Form component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following APIs to enable **Smart Paste** in the Form component:
```

> - [aiIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#aiIntegration) - accepts an [AIIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegration/) object that holds AI Service settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [aiIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#aiIntegration) - accepts an [AIIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegration/) object that contains AI Service settings.
```

> - *'smartPaste'* – adds a built-in **Smart Paste** button to the Form (see [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Types/#FormPredefinedButtonItem) for more details). To trigger this functionality programmatically, call the [smartPaste(text)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#smartPastetext) method. This demo shows how to trigger **Smart Paste** with a custom shortcut using this method.

Reviewer: I am not 100% sure "trigger" conveys the right message. Feel free to correct me if I got it wrong:

```suggestion
- *'smartPaste'* – adds a built-in **Smart Paste** button to the Form (see [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Types/#FormPredefinedButtonItem) for more details). To initiate this functionality from code, call the [smartPaste(text)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#smartPastetext) method. This demo shows how to use this methos to implement a custom shortcut that activates **Smart Paste**.
```

Configure each Form item using [aiOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/aiOptions/):

> - **disabled** - blocks AI-generated text from being pasted into this item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **disabled** - prevents AI-generated text from being pasted into this item.
```

> - **instruction** - specifies an individual item instruction for the AI service.

Reviewer: "Individual" looks redundant to me.

```suggestion
- **instruction** - specifies the item instruction for the AI service.
```

> See the demo code for implementation details.

Reviewer: I guess it should be obvoius.

```suggestion
```
